Notes about upgrade to Factory v3.5 (#185)
opensciencegrid/operations: docs/services/install-gwms-factory.md

The *valid-target-uids* and *valid-target-gids* should be a colon-separated list of all the frontend
users and groups.  This should match the security_classes section in `/etc/gwms-factory/glideinWMS.xml`.

!!! note

>     Please notice that from version 3.5, there is no need of configuring HTCondor privilege separation. The Factory and all pilot jobs run under a single user (gfactory) to eliminate the need of switchboard and setuid/user-switching.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Please notice that from version 3.5, there is no need to configure HTCondor privilege separation. The Factory and all pilot jobs run under a single user (gfactory), which eliminates the need for the switchboard and setuid/user-switching.
```
